[chore] Accessible links 3 (#6051)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/zero-code/python/configuration.md

  warning)
- `OTEL_PYTHON_LOGGING_AUTO_INSTRUMENTATION_ENABLED`: to enable

>   auto-instrumentation of logs. Attaches OTLP handler to Python root logger. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  auto-instrumentation of logs. Attaches OTLP handler to Python root logger.
```

>   the [Logs Auto-Instrumentation Example](/docs/zero-code/python/logs-example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For an example, see [Logs Auto-Instrumentation](/docs/zero-code/python/logs-example/)
```
